contribution.md, before:

# Contributions
## WEEK1 2024.3.27-2024.4.10
|Task Link|Description|Assigned to|Finished?|
|---|---|---|---|
https://github.com/sopra-fs24-group-09/sopra-fs24-group-09-server/issues/88| Implement ready feature by using websocket. |[@Zihan Liu](https://github.com/zihanltesla)|:white_check_mark:|
https://github.com/sopra-fs24-group-09/sopra-fs24-group-09-server/issues/90| Implement set ready and unready function in service section|[@Zihan Liu](https://github.com/zihanltesla)|:white_check_mark:|
https://github.com/sopra-fs24-group-09/sopra-fs24-group-09-server/issues/56| Able to return the text data during the game|[@Zihan Liu](https://github.com/zihanltesla)|:white_check_mark:|   
https://github.com/sopra-fs24-group-09/sopra-fs24-group-09-server/issues/89| Implement enter room feature by using websocket |[@Zihan Liu](https://github.com/zihanltesla)|:white_check_mark:| 
https://github.com/sopra-fs24-group-09/sopra-fs24-group-09-server/issues/91| Implement gameservice for managing the game process |[@Zihan Liu](https://github.com/zihanltesla)|:white_check_mark:|                                                                                                                              
https://github.com/sopra-fs24-group-09/sopra-fs24-group-09-server/issues/25| A user can create a new room or enter an existing room | [@Zehao Zhang](https://github.com/Zehao-Zhang) |:white_check_mark:|
https://github.com/sopra-fs24-group-09/sopra-fs24-group-09-server/issues/27| A user cannot enter a full room | [@Zehao Zhang](https://github.com/Zehao-Zhang)   |:white_check_mark:|
https://github.com/sopra-fs24-group-09/sopra-fs24-group-09-server/issues/87| Connect MongoDB | [@Zehao Zhang](https://github.com/Zehao-Zhang)   |:white_check_mark:|
https://github.com/sopra-fs24-group-09/sopra-fs24-group-09-server/issues/93| Implement getting all rooms in lobby page | [@Zehao Zhang](https://github.com/Zehao-Zhang)   |:white_check_mark:|

## WEEK2 2024.4.11-2024.4.17
|Task Link|Description|Assigned to| Finished? |
|---|---|---|-----------|
https://github.com/sopra-fs24-group-09/sopra-fs24-group-09-server/issues/39| Implement filter to handle the sequence of answering |[@Zihan Liu](https://github.com/zihanltesla)|           |
https://github.com/sopra-fs24-group-09/sopra-fs24-group-09-server/issues/51| Delete the data in database related to game after game end|[@Zihan Liu](https://github.com/zihanltesla)|           |
https://github.com/sopra-fs24-group-09/sopra-fs24-group-09-server/issues/40| Implement scoring structure | [@Zehao Zhang](https://github.com/Zehao-Zhang) |           |
https://github.com/sopra-fs24-group-09/sopra-fs24-group-09-server/issues/52| Create Game Entity | [@Zehao Zhang](https://github.com/Zehao-Zhang)   |           |
https://github.com/sopra-fs24-group-09/sopra-fs24-group-09-server/issues/82| API to update the room info | [@Zehao Zhang](https://github.com/Zehao-Zhang)   |           |

Commit message:

Verified Voice data type #32 #34 #55 #56
tested by : http://localhost:3000/ws_test

contribution.md, after:

# Contributions
## WEEK1 2024.3.27-2024.4.10
|Task Link|Description|Assigned to|Finished?|
|---|---|---|---|
https://github.com/sopra-fs24-group-09/sopra-fs24-group-09-server/issues/88| Implement ready feature by using websocket. |[@Zihan Liu](https://github.com/zihanltesla)|:white_check_mark:|
https://github.com/sopra-fs24-group-09/sopra-fs24-group-09-server/issues/90| Implement set ready and unready function in service section|[@Zihan Liu](https://github.com/zihanltesla)|:white_check_mark:|
https://github.com/sopra-fs24-group-09/sopra-fs24-group-09-server/issues/56| Able to return the text data during the game|[@Zihan Liu](https://github.com/zihanltesla)|:white_check_mark:|   
https://github.com/sopra-fs24-group-09/sopra-fs24-group-09-server/issues/89| Implement enter room feature by using websocket |[@Zihan Liu](https://github.com/zihanltesla)|:white_check_mark:| 
https://github.com/sopra-fs24-group-09/sopra-fs24-group-09-server/issues/91| Implement gameservice for managing the game process |[@Zihan Liu](https://github.com/zihanltesla)|:white_check_mark:|                                                                                                                              
https://github.com/sopra-fs24-group-09/sopra-fs24-group-09-server/issues/25| A user can create a new room or enter an existing room | [@Zehao Zhang](https://github.com/Zehao-Zhang) |:white_check_mark:|
https://github.com/sopra-fs24-group-09/sopra-fs24-group-09-server/issues/27| A user cannot enter a full room | [@Zehao Zhang](https://github.com/Zehao-Zhang)   |:white_check_mark:|
https://github.com/sopra-fs24-group-09/sopra-fs24-group-09-server/issues/87| Connect MongoDB | [@Zehao Zhang](https://github.com/Zehao-Zhang)   |:white_check_mark:|
https://github.com/sopra-fs24-group-09/sopra-fs24-group-09-server/issues/93| Implement getting all rooms in lobby page | [@Zehao Zhang](https://github.com/Zehao-Zhang)   |:white_check_mark:|

## WEEK2 2024.4.11-2024.4.17
|Task Link|Description|Assigned to| Finished? |
|---|---|---|-----------|
https://github.com/sopra-fs24-group-09/sopra-fs24-group-09-server/issues/32| Develop an API endpoint service to receive and store the uploaded audio files|[@Zihan Liu](https://github.com/zihanltesla)|           |
https://github.com/sopra-fs24-group-09/sopra-fs24-group-09-server/issues/34| Implement functionality to retrieve and serve the uploaded audio files to other players upon request.|[@Zihan Liu](https://github.com/zihanltesla) [@Zehao Zhang](https://github.com/Zehao-Zhang) |           |
https://github.com/sopra-fs24-group-09/sopra-fs24-group-09-server/issues/55| Able to return the voice data during the game|[@Zihan Liu](https://github.com/zihanltesla) |           |
https://github.com/sopra-fs24-group-09/sopra-fs24-group-09-server/issues/40| Implement scoring structure | [@Zehao Zhang](https://github.com/Zehao-Zhang) |           |
https://github.com/sopra-fs24-group-09/sopra-fs24-group-09-server/issues/52| Create Game Entity | [@Zehao Zhang](https://github.com/Zehao-Zhang)   |           |
https://github.com/sopra-fs24-group-09/sopra-fs24-group-09-server/issues/82| API to update the room info | [@Zehao Zhang](https://github.com/Zehao-Zhang)   |           |
